I automated 100 property videos
yesterday with open claw without even
touching a camera and without hiring
anyone. If you never made an AI video,
this does it all. If you have, you know
the pain. Prompting each and every
frame, generating images one by one,
waiting for each clip to process, and
then stitching them all together
manually. One video is fine, but 10
videos, they're a nightmare. You end up
becoming a prompt monkey. Copy, paste,
wait, download, repeat. That's not
automation, that's a job. OpenClaw
automates the entire pipeline. It
decides what to create, writes the
prompts, generates the images, and sends
them to Google's Vio 3.1 for video
generation. It also stitches the clips
together, and uploads the final video
upon review. And now I wake up to finish
videos and not a queue of manual tasks.
Now, most people spend 8 hours and maybe
even $500 plus per video. And most
creators spend around 2 hours
babysitting prompts and renders. I just
spend less than 10 minutes setting this
up. And now it runs on autopilot. So now
you can generate hundreds of renovation
videos that get millions of views.